There are new insanely rare mobs in
Minecraft, and most people won't get one
for an entire year. Let me explain. The
newest Minecraft snapshot added the
parched, which is a new desert variant
of a skeleton, and the camel husk, which
can have a husk and a parched riding.
And once per year on Halloween, zombies,
skeletons, and their variants have a
small chance to spawn with pumpkins or
jacko'lanterns on their heads. Pumpkins
can be put on mob's head year round, but
jacko'lanterns can't. So, getting a mob
with one on its head is pretty rare with
only a 2.5% chance of spawning. But with
the camel husk, we can get an even rarer
combination of mobs. When a camel husk
spawns, it has a 5% chance to have a
baby riding it and a 2.5% chance of the
baby wearing a jacko'-lantern on its
head and another 2.5% chance that the
parched will also have a jacko'lantern
[music]
on its head. So, one in 32,000 camel
husks will spawn like this. And this is
only available for 1 day.